This was a follow up of a case that initially came with history of recurrent abd pain. He was given a remedy and was generally feeling relief in the frequency and intensity of painful episodes.

After all most 30 minutes of extraneous talk, he suddenly turned toward me, paused and seeing in eyes and then asked 'may I share something'.

I nodded, 'of course, you can.'

He started to tell me of some business transaction. 'This payment was pending for a significant time. The vendor stopped giving me the stock. For last six months he didn't gave any fresh stock. His demand was to clear the earlier payment. I tool loan to clear the outstanding with him. But he didn't supply the fresh stock even after 15-20 days. I reached out to him and wanted to resolve it. But he was rude and denied. He said that he doesn't trust me due to the past dealings. He said that if my elder brother takes the guarantee, he can start with new stock delivery. I found it insulting and non acceptable. It infuriated me that he is not taking into account that I took loan from the market to clear the past and resume with the fresh season. Probably I used language and expression that came from an uncontrolled place of insult. I don't know why I am telling you all this. Probably I want some sort of validation from you. Everyone at my business, my brother and all tried to teach me sense. But I see that this anger is probably the expression of a suppressed volcano. I always control the anger and take it inside. And invariably, the next day or so, i suffer the stomach pain that troubles me a lot. I realise the connection of the pain with my nature to suppress the anger. This time I bursted. I am telling you all this, but why, i dont know.' And he became silent. I was feeling with him that he is in touch with something that has a tremendous meaning for him and looking for validation. I asked him 'so, what response from me will feel right to that bursing volcano?' . He chuckled and said, 'it will feel good if you say that I did the right thing. I know that I could have done the same thing that i always do, take it inside and keep feeling that dreadful thing, insulted and angry inside. But this time i chose to say it loud and out. Maybe it harms my business but I am learning to be more authentic and caring for my own self. Maybe I will not know for a while how to say it in a way that other person is not offended while taking care of myself. But for now i did something unimaginable for me. it surprised me. Of course, i feel worried about the stock for the season, but somepart inside feels happy as if it knows now for the first time how to live'.

The patient was on Staphysagira 1M. And this was a very satisfying follow up. Staph can be seen clearly in this exchange also

His tendency (core) is to take everything inside and withdraw. SC 1. He has the sensitivity and reaction as his preferred dynamics. It is not losing/gaining or survival/competition. It is all about 'how it makes me feel'. This is plant kingdom. His psychosomatic connection is clear. Abdominal pain related with supresseion of anger - Ranunculaceae. Controlling anger, indignation and humiliation - Cancer miasm Staph is known for suppressed anger, indignation and humiliation.